[C++] Add Protocol and websocket documentation (#174)
kuzzleio/documentation-V2: src/sdk-reference/cpp/1/protocol/once/index.md

---
layout: sdk.html.hbs
title: once

> description: Add a listener to an event and trigger it only once

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Attaches a listener to an event and removes it after it has been triggered once
```

---

# once

> Adds a listener to an event and trigger it only once

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Attaches a listener to an event and removes it after it has been triggered once.
```

## Signature

```cpp
virtual void once(kuzzleio::Event event, kuzzleio::EventListener* listener) = 0;
```

## Arguments

| Argument   | Type                      | Description
| ---------- | ------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> | `event`    | <pre>kuzzleio::Event</pre>           | An enum representing the listener [event]({{ site_base_path }}sdk-reference/essentials/event-handling)

Reviewer: broken link

```suggestion
| `event`    | <pre>kuzzleio::Event</pre>           | An enum representing the listener [event]({{ site_base_path }}sdk-reference/cpp/1/events)
```

| `listener` | <pre>kuzzleio::EventListener*</pre> | A pointer to a c++11 lambda

### **event**

One of the following event:

```cpp
CONNECTED
DISCARDED
DISCONNECTED
LOGIN_ATTEMPT
NETWORK_ERROR
OFFLINE_QUEUE_POP
OFFLINE_QUEUE_PUSH
QUERY_ERROR
RECONNECTED
JWT_EXPIRED
ERROR
```

### **listener**

> A c++11 lambda which take a `const std::string`

Reviewer: To be double checked, I'm not sure about this suggestion:

```suggestion
A c++11 lambda which takes a `const std::string` argument.
```
